Update default palette info (#5695)
microsoft/pxt-arcade: docs/developer/images.md

![Default color chart](/static/developer/default-colors.jpg)

### User palette settings

> Users can change the color palette used for their projects in the Asset Editor under the **Asset** tab. Pressing the **Colors** button will display the Color Palette window. Several predefined palettes are available to choose from. The user can create a new "custom" palette if desired and pick the 16 colors to fill it. This palette will be custom to the project and become its default palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can change the color palette used for their projects in the Asset Editor under the **Asset** tab. Pressing the **Colors** button will display the Color Palette window. Several predefined palettes are available to choose from. The user can create a new "custom" palette if desired and pick the 15 colors to fill it. This palette will be custom to the project and can be set as the default palette by clicking **Apply**.
```

Reviewer: The first color is not displayed to the user since it is reserved for transparency, so there are 15 colors rather than 16 colors to choose.

![User color palette settings](/static/developer/color-palette-window.png)

### Changing the default palette manually

A manual method of changing the default palette is described in this section. This is useful if you want to copy in all of the colors at once without entering each color in the Color Palette window.

### ~ tip

#### Changing colors from a program

If you intend to use the MakeCode blocks editor to create or edit images
but would like to change the colors, it is recommended
that you set a default palette so that your sprites render correctly
in the image editor/blocks.

### ~

To change the default palette of a project, go into the project

> settings in the MakeCode editor (under the cogwheel in the upper right).

Reviewer: This pathway is no longer available. The user will need to navigate to pxt.json in the file explorer.

> Once there, click "Edit settings as text" and add a `"palette"` entry

Reviewer: Note: there may already be a palette entry if the user has applied any palette from the color palette editor. We should probably also point out that the user should leave the first color as is, since it is reserved as the transparent color. Regardless of the hex value, that first color will always be transparent. So, users really have 15 colors to choose from, not 16.

![Default color chart](/static/developer/default-colors.jpg)

### User palette settings

Users can change the color palette used for their projects in the Asset Editor under the **Asset** tab. Pressing the **Colors** button will display the Color Palette window. Several predefined palettes are available to choose from. The user can create a new "custom" palette if desired and pick the 15 colors to fill it. This palette will be custom to the project can be set as the default palette by clicking **Apply**.

![User color palette settings](/static/developer/color-palette-window.png)

### Changing the default palette manually

A manual method of changing the default palette is described in this section. This is useful if you want to copy in all of the colors at once without entering each color in the Color Palette window.

### ~ tip

#### Changing colors from a program

If you intend to use the MakeCode blocks editor to create or edit images
but would like to change the colors, it is recommended
that you set a default palette so that your sprites render correctly
in the image editor/blocks.

### ~

> To change the default palette of a project, select the **JavaScript** tab at the top of the editor to edit project code in text. On the left of the editor's workspace is the **Explorer** control for the files in your project. Expand the Explorer control and find the `pxt.json` file. Click on this file and then go back to the workspace and click on the "Edit Settings As text" button. You can now edit your project settings. Add a `"palette"` entry like this:

Reviewer: I think this description would benefit from an image.

}
```

> If a `"palette"` entry already exists, it's possible that a another palette was applied previously in the Color Palette editor. You can set a new palette by overwriting the previous entry. You will have 15 colors that you set for color entries `1` - `15`. The first color, entry `0`, is reserved for transparency and can remain set as `#000000`. Be certain that there **exactly** 16 color entries, the first is the transparency color and the other 15 colors are the custom colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `"palette"` entry already exists, it's possible that a another palette was applied previously in the Color Palette editor. You can set a new palette by overwriting the previous entry. You will have 15 colors that you set for color entries `1` - `15`. The first color, entry `0`, is reserved for transparency and can remain set as `#000000`. Be certain that there are **exactly** 16 color entries, the first is the transparency color and the other 15 colors are the custom colors.
```
